Create ui-c8y-1019-6-4-added-tests-for-checking-modal-title-for-local-and-global-smart-rules-5329-graft-release-cd-5530.md (#1736)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/ui-c8y-1019-6-4-added-tests-for-checking-modal-title-for-local-and-global-smart-rules-5329-graft-release-cd-5530.md

---
date: ""

> title: added tests for checking modal title for local and global smart rules (#5329) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5530)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Added tests for smart rules modal title
```

Reviewer: We do not use the term "modal" in the documentation. This is a technical term. Could be a window, page, tab, dialog box?

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-57562
version: 1019.6.4
---

> added tests for checking modal title for local and global smart rules (#5329) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5530)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
New automated tests were implemented to validate the title displayed in the modal window for both local and global smart rules. These tests help ensure the accuracy of the modal title for smart rules configurations.
```

Reviewer: Sounds good :-). But you should better refer to "page" here, I assume. Or is it a separate window? That is a general problem, that you use technical terms but the documentation needs them translated to what the user sees in the UI. Not sure how to best handle that.
